saerdnaer/patch-1 (#484)
swrlab/ard-eventhub: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.5.1] - 2023-04-04

> - feat: add reference to broadcast series and shows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- feat: add `references` to external broadcast series and shows
```
